Okay, we need to add functionality to this for us to be able to control and create cohorts and analyze those cohorts. And so this needs to be some sort of an admin function where we have an initial admin, and they can add other admins by email as well. And if you have admin controls, you can spin up a cohort, which means you can, for example, build a cohort of 30 people, and then we're going to control access to this or who can actually create an account on this by that. And the way we're going to do that is we're going to build a special code for that cohort. And if you have the code, probably just a six-digit code, and if you have the code, then you can log in and you can create an account and you can get access to it. That way, people can't go and just let all of their friends access this later, but they can still have access to it indefinitely. And so, for example, we might say for this cohort, we're going to let there be 35 slots. And so we're going to have a code that allows 35 people. Anybody who uses that code can make an account and do the entire program, but only until there are 35 accounts that have all been made with this code, and then they won't be able to use any more. And that way, we can control access on who's allowed to make this, and so we need to have that be part of the create an account process. And then, and they only need to do that the first time they sign up. Once they have an account, the code is irrelevant. It's just the code unlocks the ability for them to make an account and to do the program. The other thing we do that this allows us to do is build cohorts, and then we can do things within the cohort, like compare scores. So what it allows people to do is we want to build functionality where you can look at the cohort average score across all of the different things that they answer, the goal being for them to be able to instantly compare whatever scores they answered with the average of everybody else in that cohort. They won't be able to see the individual answers of other people, but they will be able to see how this compares to everybody else. And we want to do that for both the context part, the initial one, as well as for the overall pulse check. And so there needs to be a cohort management page that the admin can get to, and only the admin can get to, that allows us to build new cohorts, to add or remove additional slots dynamically into that cohort, that creates a code that limits how many people can join a certain cohort or even sign up for the program and use this website, and allows us to collect and analyze aggregate data across everyone in the cohort's answers, which then we can use in a number of different ways, including giving access to the individual users to compare themselves. But we don't need to build the individual user function or the individual user's access to the aggregate data yet. But at the very least, initially, the admin should be able to, for example, show up on a screen what those results are, and show everybody what the average was within that. And then eventually, we'll probably build in functionality for individuals to be able to see some of that too, but I'll decide on that later.